Traits/README.md, before:

# New Traits

## General Traits

### Technology

Items with the Technology trait are considered technological items and use the [Identify Technology](#identify-technology) action to identify.

Creatures with the Technology trait is powered by or constructed through technological means, and is affected by effects that specifically target technology such as *[rebuke technology^](#rebuke-technology)*. Most Robots have the Technology trait, but Androids do not.

Hazards or other devices with the Technology trait impose a -5 penalty on all Disable a Device checks against it if the creature making the check does not use an [e-pick](Gear/README.md#e-pick) charge in the attempt.

## Creature Traits

### Robot

A creature can only have one of these three traits: Robot, Golem or Clockwork. e.g. a Golem cannot be a Robot, nor can a Robot be a Clockwork.

Robots are Constructs like Golems or Clockworks, but if Golems are the dumb, bruteish type of Construct and Clockworks are the intricate, dextrous kind, then Robots would be the intelligent, sensitive type. Of course, there are exceptions to every rule.

Robots typically follow the following template:

* **Intelligent:** Most Robots do NOT have the Mindless trait, and in fact are usually trained in a mental skill corresponding to their functionality. For example the Medical Drone in Part 4 would be trained in Medicine. This also means they are susceptible to effects with the Mental trait.
* **Terrible Saving Throws:** Most Robot archetypes are not actually designed for combat, and as a result cannot adapt easily to the situations that require Saving Throws. Unless a Robot is specifically designed for combat, such as the Myrmidon Robot, they typically have Low to Abysmal saving throws on the monster creation guidelines.
* **Weak to Electricity:** Like Clockworks, Robots typically have a weakness to electricity with a value that lies within the monster creation guidelines.
* **Critically Vulnerable:** Malfunctioning Robots are prone to errors and may inherit the Critical Vulnerability passive ability.
  * **Critical Vulnerability** On being struck by a Critical Hit, the Robot makes a DC 5 flat check. On a failure, the robot becomes flat-footed until the start of its turn and stunned 1.

Outside of Numeria, Robots may have the Rare trait but within the land they only have Uncommon as many of the citizens there have at least heard of one.

### Extraterrestrial

Extraterrestrials are creatures that are from a different planet than Golarion. Surprisingly enough, this is actually less common than Outsiders or creatures from other planes.

Extraterrestrials typically have the Rare trait.

## Equipment Traits

### Grenade

A grenade is a device designed to detonate after being thrown. See [Grenade](../Gear/README.md#grenade) for more details.

### Module

Items with the Module trait usually need to be slotted in another item before they can provide their full functionality. Modules often have different variants, allowing those with the receptacle item to change their functionality depending on what variant of module is inserted.

### Pharmaceutical

A Pharmaceutical is typically an alchemical consumable that is activated by either ingesting them, or having them injected into a creature with the use of a [medlance^](../Gear/README.md#medlance).

### Powered

Items with the Powered trait require electronic power to activate, which usually come in the form of battery charges but can also be gotten directly from a power generator's yield (See full rules on power generators in *[Technology Guide, pg. 62](https://paizo.com/products/btpy98i0?Pathfinder-Campaign-Setting-Technology-Guide)*). Most powered items list a 'Capacity' to indicate how many charges it can store, and a 'Power Use' entry to show how many charges are used per activation.

### Signal

Items with the Signal trait can remotely interact with other objects via a wireless signal. Signals usually state their range in their entries and are affected according to the sidebar on *[Technology Guide, pg. 43](https://paizo.com/products/btpy98i0?Pathfinder-Campaign-Setting-Technology-Guide)*

Commit message:

Small fixes with links and traits.

Traits/README.md, after:

# New Traits

Links with a carat (^) designate new entries from this conversion, and will take you to their statblock in this conversion guide.

## General Traits

### Technology

Items with the Technology trait are considered technological items and use the [Identify Technology^](/Technology%20Guide/README.md#identify-technology) action to identify.

Creatures with the Technology trait is powered by or constructed through technological means, and is affected by effects that specifically target technology such as *[rebuke technology^](/Technology%20Guide/README.md#rebuke-technology)*. Most Robots have the Technology trait, but Androids do not.

Hazards or other devices with the Technology trait impose a -5 penalty on all Disable a Device checks against it if the creature making the check does not use an [e-pick^](Gear/README.md#e-pick) charge in the attempt.

## Creature Traits

### Robot

A creature can only have one of these three traits: Robot, Golem or Clockwork. e.g. a Golem cannot be a Robot, nor can a Robot be a Clockwork.

Robots are Constructs like Golems or Clockworks, but if Golems are the dumb, bruteish type of Construct and Clockworks are the intricate, dextrous kind, then Robots would be the intelligent, sensitive type. Of course, there are exceptions to every rule.

Robots typically follow the following template:

* **Intelligent:** Most Robots do NOT have the Mindless trait, and in fact are usually trained in a mental skill corresponding to their functionality. For example the Medical Drone in Part 4 would be trained in Medicine. This also means they are susceptible to effects with the Mental trait.
* **Terrible Saving Throws:** Most Robot archetypes are not actually designed for combat, and as a result cannot adapt easily to the situations that require Saving Throws. Unless a Robot is specifically designed for combat, such as the Myrmidon Robot, they typically have Low to Abysmal saving throws on the monster creation guidelines.
* **Weak to Electricity:** Like Clockworks, Robots typically have a weakness to electricity with a value that lies within the monster creation guidelines.
* **Critically Vulnerable:** Malfunctioning Robots are prone to errors and may inherit the Critical Vulnerability passive ability.
  * **Critical Vulnerability** On being struck by a Critical Hit, the Robot makes a DC 5 flat check. On a failure, the robot becomes flat-footed until the start of its turn and stunned 1.

Outside of Numeria, Robots may have the Rare trait but within the land they only have Uncommon as many of the citizens there have at least heard of one.

### Extraterrestrial

Extraterrestrials are creatures that are from a different planet than Golarion. Surprisingly enough, this is actually less common than Outsiders or creatures from other planes.

Extraterrestrials typically have the Rare trait.

## Equipment Traits

### Grenade

A grenade is a device designed to detonate after being thrown. See [Grenade^](/Technology%20Guide/Gear/README.md#grenade) for more details.

### Module

Items with the Module trait usually need to be slotted in another item before they can provide their full functionality. Modules often have different variants, allowing those with the receptacle item to change their functionality depending on what variant of module is inserted.

### Pharmaceutical

A Pharmaceutical is typically an alchemical consumable that is activated by either ingesting them, or having them injected into a creature with the use of a [medlance^](/Technology%20Guide/Gear/README.md#medlance). To identify a pharmaceutical, use the [Identify Pharmaceutical^](/Technology%20Guide/README.md#identify-pharmaceutical) action.

### Powered

Items with the Powered trait require electronic power to activate, which usually come in the form of battery charges but can also be gotten directly from a power generator's yield (See full rules on power generators in *[Technology Guide, pg. 62](https://paizo.com/products/btpy98i0?Pathfinder-Campaign-Setting-Technology-Guide)*). Most powered items list a 'Capacity' to indicate how many charges it can store, and a 'Power Use' entry to show how many charges are used per activation.

### Signal

Items with the Signal trait can remotely interact with other objects via a wireless signal. Signals usually state their range in their entries and are affected according to the sidebar on *[Technology Guide, pg. 43](https://paizo.com/products/btpy98i0?Pathfinder-Campaign-Setting-Technology-Guide)*
